feat: add server_tokens to nginx images (#169)
coreruleset/modsecurity-crs-docker: README.md

| SERVER_ADMIN  | A string value indicating the address where problems with the server should be e-mailed (Default: `root@localhost`) |
| SERVER_NAME | A string value indicating the server name (Default: `localhost`) |

> | SERVER_SIGNATURE | A string value configuring the footer on server-generated documents (Default: `Off`) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SERVER_SIGNATURE | A string value configuring the footer on server-generated documents (Allowed values: `On`, `Off`, `EMail`. Default: `Off`) |
```

> | SERVER_TOKENS | A string value indicating the server header of HTTP responses. Also see MODSEC_SERVER_SIGNATURE. (Default: `Full`). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SERVER_TOKENS | Option defining the server information presented to clients in the `Server` HTTP response header. Also see `MODSEC_SERVER_SIGNATURE`. (Allowed values: `Full`,  `Prod[uctOnly]`, `Major`, `Minor`, `Min[imal]`, `OS`. Default: `Full`). |
```

| PROXY_SSL_PROTOCOLS | A string value indicating the ssl protocols to enable (default: `TTLSv1.2 TLSv1.3`)|
| PROXY_SSL_VERIFY  | A string value indicating if the client certificates should be verified (Allowed values: `on`, `off`. Default: `off`) |
| PROXY_TIMEOUT  | Number of seconds for proxied requests to time out connections (Default: `60s`) |

> | SERVER_TOKENS | A string value indicating the server header of HTTP responses and the version number in the footer on error pages. (Allowed values: `on`, `off`. Default: `off`). |

Reviewer: Setting an arbitrary string is only possible with a commercial nginx license.
```suggestion
| SERVER_TOKENS | A boolean value for enabling / disabling emission of server identifying information in the `Server` HTTP response header and on error pages. (Allowed values: `on`, `off`, `build`. Default: `off`). |
```
